What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
When you initialize a repository following things happen
- A new hidden folder called .git is created which stores meta-deta about the files in the repository. You need to do this so that git will start keeping track of versions of files.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
Staging area is the intermediate area between the working directory and the repository. It allows you to hold only selected files from the working directory that you would like to add to the repository before making a commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
If you make changes to more than one file in your working dir, you can add one file at a time to the staging area and commit the same. That way you can ensure there's only one logical change per commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
There are situations when you want to make experimental changes to the code. During such situations you can create a new branch for each such change. That way the main branch remains intact with the original working code while you can experiment with other behaviors.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
Diagrams makes it easy to view the parent of each commit. So that you know which commits will be included when you checkout a branch.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
The result of merging two branches together is one single branch with commits ordered by the datetime they were created. Merge will create a new commit using the head commits of the two branches and the last commit before which the branches were formed. Diagram representation gives a clear understanding of the order in which commit were created.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
Automatic merging makes the work easier and you only need to manually change the areas of code having a conflict. However it's possible that the merged code could include a certain piece of code from one file that you do not want to include in the final version. 
